# Nimble.js

Nimble.js is a mini JavaScript framework for efficient and responsive DOM manipulation, inspired by Vue.js and Alpine.js.

## Features

- **Lightweight**: Nimble.js is designed to be lightweight, providing essential features for DOM manipulation without unnecessary overhead.
- **Efficient**: With its minimal footprint, Nimble.js offers fast performance and efficient handling of DOM operations.
- **Responsive**: Nimble.js allows for quick and easy creation of interactive and dynamic user interfaces, enhancing user experience.
- **Inspired by Vue and Alpine**: Borrowing concepts from Vue.js and Alpine.js, Nimble.js offers familiarity and ease of use for developers familiar with these frameworks.

## Install Nimble

###### Clone the repository
``` bash
git clone https://github.com/FlorimB/Nimble.js.git
```

###### Install dependencies
``` bash
npm install
```

###### Build
``` bash
npm run nimble
```

###### Start the development server
``` bash
npm run nimble watch
```

Nimble utilizes Laravel Mix for script bundling and compilation. Laravel Mix is a robust asset compilation tool built on top of webpack, offering a streamlined approach to managing and compiling JavaScript and CSS assets. By integrating Laravel Mix into Nimble's build process, developers benefit from simplified configuration and enhanced performance when bundling scripts.

The following line in your HTML file indicates the inclusion of the bundled JavaScript file generated by Laravel Mix in the ./index.js during the build process:

``` html
<script src="./Nimble.js"></script>
```

## Contributions
All contributors are welcome to participate in this repository. Should you identify any areas requiring modification or addition, kindly fork the repository, establish a branch under your name, detailing the identified issue as follows: "name/problem", and subsequently submit a pull request.




